You and I are old acquaintances
Don't you know?
So what do you mean?
Lin Yi asked me to talk about cooperation
And I said yes.
This Jiangnan Road
It should be replaced.
Boss, let me tell you
Hahahaha
Shopkeeper Lin
Isn't this Chairperson Li?
Big guy like you
What are you doing in my little restaurant?
Aqiao sees you off
Haalin shopkeeper
Is that boring?
Isn't the door open to welcome guests? Hahaha
I don't welcome you back here, shopkeeper Lin
Do you have to do things so well?
I'm here to talk to you about cooperation this time.
I'm not here to quarrel with you.
No, what do I have to talk to you about?
How about you?
Don't fucking toast, don't eat and drink